README.md, before:

# Netflix GPT

- Create React App
- Configured TailwindCSS
- Header
- Routing of App
- Login Form
- Sign Up Form
- Form Validation
- useRef Hook
- Firebase Setup
- Deploying our app to Production
- Created SignUp User Account
- Implemented Sign In User API
- Created Redux Store with userSlice
- Implemented Sign Out
- Update Profile
- BugFix: Sign Up user displayName and Profile Picture update
- BugFix: If the user is not logged in Redirect /browse to Login Page and vice-versa
- Unsubscribed to the onAuthStateChanged callback
- Add hardcoded values to the constants file
- Register for TMDB API & create an app & get access token
- Get data from TMDB now playing movies list API
- Custom Hook for Now Playing Movies
- Create movieSlice
- Update Store with Movies data
- Planning for MainContainer and SecondaryContainer
- Fetch data for Trailer video
- Update store with Trailer Video data
- Embeded the YouTube video and make it autoplay in mute
- Added Tailwind classes to make MainContainer look awesome

# Features

- Login / Sign Up
  - Sign In / Sign Up Form
  - Redirect to Browse Page
- Browse (after authentication)
  - Header
  - Main Movie
    - Trailer in Background
    - Title & Description
    - Movie Suggestions
      - MovieLists \* N
- NetflixGPT
  - Search Bar
  - Movie Suggestions

# Deploy

Link: https://netflixgpt-a1620.web.app/

Commit message:

built secondary container with movie lists and wrote custom hooks

README.md, after:

# Netflix GPT

- Create React App
- Configured TailwindCSS
- Header
- Routing of App
- Login Form
- Sign Up Form
- Form Validation
- useRef Hook
- Firebase Setup
- Deploying our app to Production
- Created SignUp User Account
- Implemented Sign In User API
- Created Redux Store with userSlice
- Implemented Sign Out
- Update Profile
- BugFix: Sign Up user displayName and Profile Picture update
- BugFix: If the user is not logged in Redirect /browse to Login Page and vice-versa
- Unsubscribed to the onAuthStateChanged callback
- Add hardcoded values to the constants file
- Register for TMDB API & create an app & get access token
- Get data from TMDB now playing movies list API
- Custom Hook for Now Playing Movies
- Create movieSlice
- Update Store with Movies data
- Planning for MainContainer and SecondaryContainer
- Fetch data for Trailer video
- Update store with Trailer Video data
- Embeded the YouTube video and make it autoplay in mute
- Added Tailwind classes to make MainContainer look awesome
- Build Secondary component
- Build Movie List
- Build Movie Card
- TMDB Image CDN URL
- Made the Browse page amazing with Tailwind CSS
- Created the custom hooks for fetching different movie lists

# Features

- Login / Sign Up
  - Sign In / Sign Up Form
  - Redirect to Browse Page
- Browse (after authentication)
  - Header
  - Main Movie
    - Trailer in Background
    - Title & Description
    - Movie Suggestions
      - MovieLists \* N
- NetflixGPT
  - Search Bar
  - Movie Suggestions

# Deploy

Link: https://netflixgpt-a1620.web.app/
